a little bit upset shop but at the same
time happy that I'm gonna go see my
daughter so I am a little bit paid up
with nice house that I didn't win it and
I didn't do that underwater shoot I was
petrified um I really don't like sharks
I don't like stingrays I can't open my
eyes underwater
and I was petrified I just I did get in
the water and I did try it but I just
panicked freaked out I don't know any
great said to me do you want a second
chance and I literally could not move I
was just so many shot I just couldn't do
it
I got good feedback of underwater
pictures and get good feedback if I know
my own picture cuz I didn't cry and they
said I look like I was bored but like
that was the first picture I really got
bad feedback about young saeng says to
me and just a pretty face and I just
take good pictures week after week which
I do understand is that not like what
you're meant to do and nothing trying so
hard and obviously having good pictures
just isn't enough don't really get on
with Anastacia so people say she's
pretty but you need a nice personality
and to me she hasn't got that I for her
sin I was spiked literally I did have to
be myself and stand up and say something
and and then once I had the argument
we've had attention around the house was
really bad but with me I'll just brush
it off and I thought to myself well I'm
not here for you I'm here for me to win
this competition
and that's what I've you know that's
what I was trying to do
being myself more and what about you
Stacey maybe people saying I won't
I was only quiet in front of judges
because I was nervous I got the film
anyway I'm not a quiet girl and I hope
the people don't see them quiet I'm just
softly still feeding them well moment
cuz that's his brother I think yes the
search delenn she's been working the
hard you study all the girls week after
week she gets this is just amazing she's
like obviously she's a little bit bigger
than the rest of us but I tell you what
she's Donna and I really hope she wins
it this has made me so much stronger
than I was before before I didn't have
to believe that I could actually do it
but now that I've got to the final seven
out of thousands of girls I must have
something so I'm gonna carry on and you
know this isn't the end for me it's just
weekend you know it has just begun so I
am gonna carry on and try and be a model